Redirect distributed-builds to "Architecting for Scale" (#6757)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/book/security/controller-isolation.adoc

This does not even consider issues like supply chain attacks on build dependencies, whereby attackers take over control of NPM or Maven packages and insert malicious code.

To ensure the stability of the Jenkins controller, builds should be executed on other nodes than the built-in node.

> This concept is called _distributed builds_ in Jenkins, and you can learn more about this https://www.jenkins.io/doc/book/scaling/architecting-for-scale/[here].

Reviewer: Making the check pass:

```suggestion
This concept is called _distributed builds_ in Jenkins, and you can learn more about this link:/doc/book/scaling/architecting-for-scale/[here].
```
